Spoon Bender - Makes spindashing home in on enemies ✅
Cupid's Arrow???
Dr. Fetus - Explodes when you hit enemies ✅
Technology - Spawns a laser ring around you when spinattacking ✅ (ring is thick, that needs fixing somehow)
Chocolate Milk??? - Second charge for damage multiplier, speeds up charge a lot
Mom's Knife - Lets him use the knife like normal ✅
Brimstone - Shoots brimstone lasers when you dash into walls ✅
A Lump of Coal - Spindashes do not decrease in damage as they travel, and in fact increases ✅
Ipecac - Explodes when you hit enemies ✅
The Mulligan - 1/6 chance to create blue flies on hit ✅
Technology 2
Chemical Peel - +2 damage every other hit ✅
The Peeper - +35% damage every other hit ✅
Epic Fetus
Godhead - Damaging aura around your spinattacks (and also homing) ✅
Midas Touch - Percent chance to turn enemies into gold on hit ✅
Mom's Wig - Chance to create blue spiders on hit ✅
Rubber Cement - Spinattacks bounce off walls (reversing direction while spindashing, and "jumping" off walls while spinjumping) ✅
Anti-Gravity??? - Spawns tears when spindashing, releases them when it stops
Tiny Planet??? - Destroyed rocks become orbiting projectiles during dash
E. Coli - Percent chance to turn enemies into poop on hit ✅
Tech.5
Blood Clot - +1 damage every other hit ✅
Fire Mind - Sets enemies on fire on hit. Chance to explode ✅
Proptosis - Ultra-short-range spindashes but ultra high damage (implemented, but needs a lot of tweaking)
Strange Attractor - Things are attracted to you as a ball
Cursed Eye??? - Leaves a trail of damaging afterimages? Perhaps a burst of tears on spindash release?
Mysterious Liquid - Leaves creep on hit and jump (maybe while spindashing too idk) ✅
Epiphora???
Continuum - Spindashes ignore walls and lets you screen wrap?
Dead Eye - The multiplier builds as you land on enemies without landing on the ground ✅
Tear Detonator - Tammy's head effect, in addition to its normal effect, but only while a ball ✅
Marked??? - Just make it affect any tears spawned by other affects
Tech X - Spawns non-following laser rings when jumping and landing on enemies ✅
Tractor Beam???
Explosivo - Chance to spawn an explosivo tear that sticks to the enemy you hit ✅
Head of the Keeper - Chance to drop pennies on hit
Kidney Stone???
Sinus Infection - Chance to spawn a booger tear that sticks to the enemy you hit ✅
Eye of Belial - When spindashing, becomes homing after hitting an enemy
Analog Stick - Allows you to spindash in any direction ✅
Jacob's Ladder - Create sparks when hitting things
Ghost Pepper
Camo Undies - Works as normal, but also reveals when you jump ✅
Large Zit - Chance to shoot a zit tear when you hit enemies ✅
Technology Zero -  Chain lightning between any copies or afterimages of sonic
Pop!??? - let the man roll   
Lachryphagy???
Trisagion???
Flat Stone - You "skip" on the floor like the tear does when you spindash, dealing AoE damage ✅
Mucormycosis - Chance to spawn a fungus tear that sticks to the enemy you hit ✅
Eye of the Occult - Spindashes can be steered using the fire buttons
Spirit Sword - Lets him use the sword like normal ✅
Terra - Random damage modif on hit, also can destroy rocks by jumping on them
The Scooper - x1.5 damage every other other hit (when used) ✅
Bird's Eye
Giant Cell? - MORE TINY SONICS
C Section???
IBS?
Stye - +28% damage every other other hit ✅

Brain Worm

- Applies Stat Effects/Chance Based Tears:
Spider Bite ✅
The Common Cold ✅
Mom's Contacts ✅
Tough Love ✅
Mom's Eyeshadow ✅
Iron Bar ✅
Ball of Tar ✅
Dark Matter ✅
Holy Light! ✅
Serpent's Kiss ✅
God's Flesh ✅
Fruit Cake
Apple! ✅
Eye of Greed ✅
Glaucoma ✅
Parasitoid ✅
Euthanasia ✅
Little Horn ✅
Playdough Cookie
Uranus ✅
Lodestone ✅
Rotten Tomato ✅
Knockout Drops ✅

Pinky Eye ✅
Black Tooth ✅
Nose Goblin ✅
Jawbreaker ✅
Chewed Pen ✅
Teardrop Charm ✅
Torn Card ✅

- Multishot - Shoots tears when jumping/spindashing:
The Inner Eye
Mom's Eye
Loki's Horns
Mutant Spider
Monstro's Lung
20/20
Lead Pencil
Eye Sore
Immaculate Heart

- Shot Fracture - Shoots tears when hitting enemies:
The Parasite ✅
Cricket's Body ✅
Compound Fracture ✅
Haemolacria ✅

-11
63/104